# How course 22 changed my persepctive on AI

I had no idea how easy making image classifiers could be.
But that was before I tried out [fast.ai](https://www.fast.ai/)'s course 22.

Turns out you can just add your own layer of classification weights to an already *highly* advanced *super* powerful pretrained deeplearning network.

And then create my own ridiculously accurate 10 class multiclassification computer vision model.

... with only 2 minutes of training time !

... using nothing but my laptops CPU !

Lets step through the process of how cool of an experience this was.

FIRST I found out how easy it was to scrape images off the web. Ive been interested in webscraping for ages, but never had a go at it. well, course22 prompted me to dive in and i was pleasantly suprised. With just a few lines of code using the DuckDuckGo search engine:

'''python
# Specify the name of the folder to store these images that we will "try" the model on.
folder = 'CIFAR10_try'
# Create the directory in the file system to store the images.
Path(f'{folder}').mkdir(exist_ok=True, parents=True)

# We want to grab one image for each classification
for o in searches:
    # Use our search function to get each image url.
    url = search_images(f'{o} photo', max_images=1)[0]
    # Download each image to the directory we created.
    dest = f'{folder}/{o}.jpg'
    download_url(url, dest, show_progress=False)
    # Display each image to check that the search worked properly.
    display(Image.open(dest).to_thumb(256, 256))
'''

I had scraped and processed close to one thousand images straight off the internet !
